[R2] Document r2_list_honor_include compat flag. (#5062)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/runtime-apis.md

  - Note that there is a limit on the total amount of data that a single `list` operation can return. If you request data, you may recieve fewer than `limit` results in your response to accomodate metadata.

>   - The [compatibility date](/workers/platform/compatibility-dates/) must be set to `2022-07-14` or later in your `wrangler.toml` file. If not, then the `r2_list_honor_include` compatibility flag must be set. It is treated as `include: ['httpMetadata', 'customMetadata']` regardless of what is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The [compatibility date](/workers/platform/compatibility-dates/) must be set to `2022-08-04` or later in your `wrangler.toml` file. If not, then the `r2_list_honor_include` compatibility flag must be set. It is treated as `include: ['httpMetadata', 'customMetadata']` regardless of what is provided.
```

Ref: `The compatibility flag r2_list_honor_include became the default as of 2022-08-04 so does not need to be specified anymore.`

Reviewer: nit: This reads to me as "set this date. if not, set this flag. it is treated as <include metadata> regardless of what is provided." I feel like it's missing a 'if not' before the 'it is treated as'.

Should it be "if neither of these are set, list operations will be treated as `include: ['httpMetadata', 'customMetadata']` regardless of what input you provide."

Reviewer: 👍 - sounds good!

  - Note that there is a limit on the total amount of data that a single `list` operation can return. If you request data, you may recieve fewer than `limit` results in your response to accomodate metadata.

>   - The [compatibility date](/workers/platform/compatibility-dates/) must be set to 2022-07-14 or later (or the `r2_list_honor_include` compatibility flag set), it is treated
>     as `include: ['httpMetadata', 'customMetadata']` regardless of what is provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The [compatibility date](/workers/platform/compatibility-dates/) must be set to `2022-07-14` or later. If not, then the `r2_list_honor_include` compatibility flag must be set. It is treated as `include: ['httpMetadata', 'customMetadata']` regardless of what is provided.
```

Reviewer 2: "Must be set...." in the wrangler.toml file?

Author: I think there's work ongoing to let you set compat dates / flags outside wrangler but it might be the only way currently. Wasn't sure if we wanted the wording to be explicit or just refer them to https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/compatibility-dates/ as that page will get updated with any changes.
